i plan
hebron 2 Israeli settlers visible
through the barbed wire which protects
Abu Yusuf Oishi's house
this is the only house in the center of the old
Hebron where Arabs live
on the opposite side of the street live
the settlers for whom abu yusuf constantly
monitors with a video camera he
fears that if he stops after them
watch then the next weight can happen
oh you sales girl get out herself
get out the prostitute
have seen that she made a corrupt girl
and your daughters too rajah granddaughter Abu Oishi
but she is afraid to come to him because
that settlers throw stones and eggs at her
and in her children
the situation gets worse when my mom
was supposed to give birth we called an ambulance but
Israeli army did not allow to drive up
close to our home
then my father and brothers carried my mother on
the chair she gave birth to chairs and baby
died
however, not only ambulances
can drive along this road this
concerns any Palestinian transport
in 78 years it abu Oishi no choice every
day he has to walk for hours behind
fuel or mosque
the Israelis said they closed this
the road that no one could carry
smuggling weapons I asked how we
then get home and they answered
that i can buy an oslo i told them people
already flew to the moon
and you want me to buy an ass when myself
drive home by the Palestinians
evroni already accustomed to hebron checkpoint
sky street for them have become a maze
those for whom Palestinians are prohibited
walk and those on which you can walk but
you can not ride and there are streets for
who require permission
to get there all in order to
700 Israelis living among two hundred
thousands of Palestinians could move around
safe for the city
although hebron is the second
largest and one of the oldest
Palestinian cities for Jews he
main shrines after the wailing wall
Sophia serial hebron is the first
jewish city in israeli land
here are the sources not only of Judaism but also
total monotheism
not far from here is the second
the importance of the jewish shrines since
we come back here everyone can
go and worship this holy place
apple is a typesetter then israelis
declares that it blocks the road for the sake of
protecting the locals however the Palestinians
They say that this is done only to
to complicate
they very often do not give me a military life
pass it all depends on their mood they
miss us when they want on the scoreboard and
ciara would ablai neighbors leave this
parts of hebron the israelis turned them
life watt but avu oishi says that
will remain and not retreat a single step
hemisphere rt sphere